document possible ways to run benchmarks (#258)
trixi-framework/Trixi.jl: docs/src/development.md

             $(du_test),
             $(u_test),
             $(semi),
             $(sol.t[end]))
   BenchmarkTools.Trial:
    memory estimate:  10.48 KiB
    allocs estimate:  67
    --------------
    minimum time:     4.510 ms (0.00% GC)
    median time:      4.646 ms (0.00% GC)
    mean time:        4.699 ms (0.00% GC)
    maximum time:     7.183 ms (0.00% GC)
    --------------
    samples:          1065
    evals/sample:     1

   shell> git checkout 222241ff54f8a4ca9876cc1fc25ae262416a4ea0

   julia> trixi_include("examples/2d/elixir_euler_sedov_blast_wave_shockcapturing_amr.jl")

   julia> @benchmark Trixi.rhs!(
             $(du_test),
             $(u_test),
             $(semi),
             $(sol.t[end]))
   BenchmarkTools.Trial:
    memory estimate:  10.36 KiB
    allocs estimate:  67
    --------------
    minimum time:     4.500 ms (0.00% GC)
    median time:      4.635 ms (0.00% GC)
    mean time:        4.676 ms (0.00% GC)
    maximum time:     5.880 ms (0.00% GC)
    --------------
    samples:          1070
    evals/sample:     1
   ```
   Run the `@benchmark ...` commands multiple times to see whether there are any significant fluctuations.

> Follow these steps for both commits you want to compare. The relevant benchmark results I'm mostly looking at
> are the median and mean values of the runtime and the memory/allocs estimate. On my system, the differences
> of the runtimes are of the order of the fluctuations I get when running the benchmarks multiple times. Since
> the memory/allocs are (roughly) the same, there doesn't seem to be a significant performance regression here.
> 
> You can also make it more detailed by benchmarking only the calculation of the volume terms but I think that's
> not necessary here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps for both commits you want to compare. The relevant benchmark results you should typically be looking at
are the median and mean values of the runtime and the memory/allocs estimate. In this example, the differences
of the runtimes are of the order of the fluctuations one gets when running the benchmarks multiple times. Since
the memory/allocs are (roughly) the same, there doesn't seem to be a significant performance regression here.

You can also make it more detailed by benchmarking only, e.g., the calculation of the volume terms, but whether that's necessary depends on the modifications you made and their (potential) impact.
```
